Created HttpHeaders.md (#3576)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/devel/httpHeaders.md

> # <a name="top"></a>This document describes all the headers used by Orion, as defined in src/lib/rest/HttpHeaders.h file.

Reviewer: This doesn't look very well...

![imagen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1534240/73446306-cc306f80-435c-11ea-95b4-4617a96e4110.png)

Suggestion:

* Use as title "Orion HTTP headers"
* After the title add the following paragraph (note the filename in bold text style):

> This document describes all the headers used by Orion, as defined in **src/lib/rest/HttpHeaders.h**

Author: Fixed in 512f9cd

than those will get a `406 Not Acceptable` error.

[Top](#top)

## 2. Content-Length

This header is used by both requests and responses.
Content-length HTTP header is a mandatory header in Orion responses.
It defines the length of the request and response body in bytes.
Orion Context Broker expects always a Content-Length header in all client requests, otherwise the client will receive a `411 Length Required` response. 
This is due to the way the underlying HTTP library (libmicrohttpd) works.
	
    Content-Length: 34	

[Top](#top)
 
## 3. Content-Type 

It is used to specify the MIME type of the request or response. Typically its value is `application/json` (for JSON MIME type) although some operations in the NGSIv2 API also allow `text/plain`.

    curl ... -H 'Content-Type: application/json'

This request will send data in well defined JSON format.

[Top](#top)
 
## 4. Connection
 
 This header is used by both requests and responses.
 Orion is not currently doing anything with this header (apart from checking if its value is `close` to print a log trace).
	
    Connection: Keep-Alive
    	

> [Top](#top)	

Reviewer: After PR https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/3599 I understand that Orion is no longer processing this header in any way. If I'm right, then this section should be removed (including the corresponding adjustement in the number sequence and ToC above).

Author: Fixed in 512f9cd

  
## 5. Expect

Expect HTTP header is used in incoming HTTP requests received by Orion.

> It is used when sending a large request body, on response Orion sends only `Expect:` i.e. blank, if it is able to handle the request. For more details, follow general documentation of Expect HTTP header [Link1](https://flaviocopes.com/http-request-headers/), [Link2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-5.1.1) or [Link3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_header_fields).

Reviewer: After the changes in PR https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/3599 this header is no longer used in request. Thus, I'd suggest to remove L84.

In addition, I'd suggest to simplify the wording, modifying it in the following way:

```suggestion
Orion sends a blank `Expect:` header in outgoing requests (notifications and forwarded queries/updates). For more details, follow general documentation of Expect HTTP header in [this refence](https://flaviocopes.com/http-request-headers/), [this another reference](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-5.1.1) and [this another reference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_header_fields).
```

Author: Fixed in 512f9cd

    Expect:
	
[Top](#top)	
	
## 6. Host

> This HTTP header is used in Orion responses.

Reviewer: As far as I understand this is not correct. Orion doesn't include the Host header in responses. If I'm wrong, please tell me in which part of the code is done (I could be missing something...). Otherwise, please remove L94.

Author: Fixed in 512f9cd

Orion includes this header in outgoing request (notifications and forwarded updates/queries).This header provides the port number of notification receiver. 	
	
    Host: localhost:1028
		
[Top](#top)

## 7. Origin

Origin is used in incoming HTTP requests received by Orion.

> Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [about CORS in the user manual](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md).
```

Better to provide a meaningful text in the links than a file name.

Reviewer: This applies to more cases in the file. Please, fix all them.

Author: Fixed in 512f9cd

	
    Origin: http://www.example-social-network.com
		
[Top](#top)	
  
## 8. User-Agent

User-Agent HTTP header is used in notifications and forwarded requests.
It describes which version of Orion we are using along with its transfer library.
It gives the string that identifies the user agent.

    User-Agent: orion/2.2.0-next libcurl/7.29.0     (in notifications and forwarded requests)

[Top](#top)		
		
## 9. X-Forwarded-For

It is used in incoming HTTP requests received by Orion.
X-Forwarded-For header overrides the original IP of the HTTP request as source of the transaction.
X-Real-IP and X-Forwarded-For (used by a potential proxy on top of Orion) overrides IP.
X-Real-IP takes preference over X-Forwarded-For, if both appear.
	
    X-Forwarded-For: 129.78.138.66
	
[Top](#top) 
	
## 10. X-Real-IP

X-Forwarded-For header overrides the original IP of the HTTP request as source of the transaction.
X-Real-IP and X-Forwarded-For (used by a potential proxy on top of Orion) overrides IP.

> X-Real-IP takes preference over X-Forwarded-For, if both appear.

Reviewer: Maybe both sections could be merged (i.e. `## N. X-Fowarded-For and X-Real-IP`).

Author: Fixed in 512f9cd

		
    POST http://127.0.0.1:9977/notify    
    Content-Length: 725    
    User-Agent: orion/2.3.0    
    Host: 127.0.0.1:9977      
    Accept: application/json    
    Fiware-Service: t_02    
    Content-Type: application/json    
    {    
	   ...    
    }
	
[Top](#top)

## 20. Fiware-Servicepath

Fiware-ServicePath is an optional header used in any kind of HTTP transaction (incoming/outcoming requests and outcoming responses) managed in Orion. See specific documentation at [../user/service_path.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/service_path.md).

    Fiware-ServicePath: /Madrid/Gardens/ParqueNorte/Parterre1		

[Top](#top)
 
 
## 21. Fiware-Total-Count

It is an optional header used in outgoing HTTP responses sent by Orion.
Its operation is related with pagination, see related documentation at [../user/pagination.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/pagination.md#pagination).
	    
[Top](#top)

## 22. Fiware-Correlator

> Fiware-Correlator is a response HTTP header which is used in forwarding messages and notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fiware-Correlator is used in outgoing responses. It is also sent (or propagated) in notifications and forwarded queries/updates.
```

Author: Fixed in 512f9cd

It is typically used when sending a large request body. We expect the server to return back `100 Continue` HTTP status if it can handle the request, or `417 Expectation Failed` if not.

    Expect: 100-continue
	
[Top](#top)	
	
## 6. Host

This HTTP header is used in Orion responses.
Orion includes this header in outgoing request (notifications and forwarded updates/queries).This header provides the port number of notification receiver. 	
	
    Host: localhost:1028
		
[Top](#top)

## 7. Origin

Origin is used in requests.
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md).
	
    Origin: http://www.example-social-network.com
		
[Top](#top)	
  
## 8. User-Agent

User-Agent HTTP header is used in notifications and forwarded requests.
It describes which version of Orion we are using along with its transfer library.
It gives the string that identifies the user agent.

    User-Agent: orion/2.2.0-next libcurl/7.29.0     (in notifications and forwarded requests)

[Top](#top)		
		
## 9. X-Forwarded-For

> It is a request HTTP header in Orion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is header used in incoming HTTP requests received by Orion.
```

What do you think about this style of describing which role takes a given header? I think that the usage of incoming/outgoing can be very clarifying.

If you think is a good idea, I'd suggest to review the overall document and apply it where it applies.

Author: Yes. This descriptions is looking good.
So I'm modifying the doc file with the same.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

> Source IP of the HTTP request associated to the transaction, except if the request includes X-Forwarded-For header which overrides the former IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
X-Forwarded-For header overrides the original IP of the HTTP request as source of the transaction.
```

And a similar adaptation in the other place in which this text appear, i.e. X-Real-IP.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

X-Real-IP and X-Forwarded-For (used by a potential proxy on top of Orion) overrides IP.
X-Real-IP takes preference over X-Forwarded-For, if both appear.
	
    X-Forwarded-For: 129.78.138.66
	
[Top](#top) 
	
## 10. X-Real-IP

Source IP of the HTTP request associated to the transaction, except if the request includes X-Real-IP which overrides X-Forwarded-For and source IP.
X-Real-IP and X-Forwarded-For (used by a potential proxy on top of Orion) overrides IP.
X-Real-IP takes preference over X-Forwarded-For, if both appear.
	
[Top](#top)

## 11.  Access-Control-Allow-Origin

It is an optional header used in Orion responses.  
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md#access-control-allow-origin).
    
    Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
		
[Top](#top)

## 12. Access-Control-Allow-Headers

> It is a response HTTP header in Orion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is header used in outgoing HTTP responses HTTP sent by Orion.
```

What do you think about this style of describing which role takes a given header? I think that the usage of incoming/outgoing can be very clarifying.

If you think is a good idea, I'd suggest to review the overall document and apply it where it applies.

Author: Yes. This descriptions is looking good.
So I'm modifying the doc file with the same.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

									               								   
[Top](#top)		
		
		
## 13. Access-Control-Allow-Methods

It is a response HTTP header in Orion.
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md#access-control-allow-methods).

[Top](#top)

									  
## 14. Access-Control-Max-Age

It is a response HTTP header in Orion.
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md#access-control-max-age).
		
    Access-Control-Max-Age: 86400

[Top](#top)

## 15. Access-Control-Expose-Headers

It is a response HTTP header in Orion.
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md#access-control-expose-headers).
	
    Access-Control-Expose-Headers: Fiware-Correlator, Fiware-Total-Count, Location.

[Top](#top)

## 16. Allow

> Allow HTTP header is used in response notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used in outgoing HTTP responses sent by Orion.
```

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

> It notify that which methods are allowed by the specified host/resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the client uses a wrong HTTP method on a given URL resources, this header is used to inform the client which methods are allowed.
```

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

    Allow: GET

[Top](#top)
		
    
## 17. Location

> Location HTTP header is used in responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used in outgoing HTTP responses sent by Orion.
```

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

> Response contains a Location header which holds the subscription ID: a 24 digit hexadecimal number used for updating and cancelling the subscription.

Reviewer: Not only for subscriptions: entity creation and registration creation also use Location in a similar way. Please, upgrade the description to cover also these cases.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

we use `-v` in requests to get the Location header in the response.
	
    curl -v localhost:1026/v2/subscriptions -s -S -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @- <<EOF
    {
     //payload
    }
    EOF
	
And the response that we will get:
	
    Location: /v2/subscriptions/57458eb60962ef754e7c0998
	
[Top](#top)

## 18. Ngsiv2-AttrsFormat

> It is a response HTTP header in Orion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used in outgoing HTTP notifications sent by Orion.
```

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

Notifications must include the `Ngsiv2-AttrsFormat` HTTP header with the value of the format of the associated subscription, 

> so that notification receivers are aware of the format without needing to process the notification payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so that notification receivers are aware of the format without needing to infer it from the notification payload.
```

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

Note that if a custom payload is used for the notification then a value of `custom` is used for the `Ngsiv2-AttrsFormat` header
in the notification.	

> Ngsiv2-AttrsFormat is a NON-MODIFIABLE header in custom notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ngsiv2-AttrsFormat is a non-modificable header in custom notifications.
```

Author: updating it as `non-modifiable`

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

Any attempt of doing so (e.g. `"httpCustom": { ... "headers": {"Ngsiv2-Attrsformat": "something"} ...}` will be ignored.
	
    Ngsiv2-Attrsformat: normalized

[Top](#top)	

## 19. Fiware-Service

> Fiware-Service is an optional header used in requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is any kind of HTTP transaction (incoming/outcoming requests and outcoming responses) used in Orion.
```

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

> When `-multiservice` is used Orion includes the `Fiware-Service` header in the notifyContextRequest and notifyContextAvailability request messages associated to subscriptions in the given tenant/service (except for the default service/tenant, in which case the header is not present).

Reviewer: header in the notifyContextRequest and notifyContextAvailability request -> header in the notification requests

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

		
    POST http://127.0.0.1:9977/notify    
    Content-Length: 725    

>     User-Agent: orion/0.13.0    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    User-Agent: orion/2.3.0
```

Orion 0.13.0 is pretty old :)

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

    Host: 127.0.0.1:9977      
    Accept: application/json    
    Fiware-Service: t_02    
    Content-Type: application/json    
    {    
	   ...    
    } 
      
 Regarding service/tenant name syntax, it must be a string of alphanumeric characters (and the `_` symbol). 
 Maximum length is 50 characters, which should be enough for most use cases. 
 Orion Context Broker interprets the tenant name in lowercase, thus, although you can use tenants such as in updateContext `MyService` 
 it is not advisable, as the notifications related with that tenant will be sent with `myservice` and, 	in that sense, 

>  it is not coherent the tenant you used in updateContext compared with the one that Orion sends in notifyContextRequest.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to include a link to the .md documenat about service that duplicating the text here.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

	
[Top](#top)

## 20. Fiware-Servicepath

> Fiware-ServicePath is an optional header used in requests.

Reviewer: It is used in any kind of HTTP transaction (incoming/outcoming requests and outcoming responses) managed in Orion.

Reviewer: In addition, I'd say that L259 is redundant and should be removed.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

Fiware-ServicePath header is included in notification requests sent by Orion.
When `-multiservice` is used, Orion uses the `Fiware-Service` HTTP header in the request to identify the service/tenant.

> If the header is not present in the HTTP request, the default service/tenant is used.	

Reviewer: I think this text is not correct here, as this section is about fiware-servicepath (not fiware-service).

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

		
Queries without Fiware-ServicePath resolve to `/#`.
	
It is assumed that all the entities created without Fiware-ServicePath (or that don't include service path information in the database) 
belongs to a root scope `/` implicitely. All the queries without using Fiware-ServicePath (including subscriptions) are on `/#` implicitly. 

While entities belong to services and servicepaths, subscriptions and registrations belong only to the service. 
The servicepath in subscriptions and registrations doesn't denote sense of belonging, but is the expression of the 
query associated to the subscription or registration.

Fiware-ServicePath header is ignored in `GET /v2/subscriptions/{id}` and `GET /v2/registrations/{id}` operations, 
as the id fully qualifies the subscription or registration to retrieve.

Fiware-ServicePath header is taken into account in `GET /v2/subscriptions` and `GET /v2/registrations` in order to narrow 
down the results to subscriptions/registrations that use exactly that service path as query.

At the present moment hierarchical service paths (i.e. the ones using ending with #) are not allowed in registrations.

> Fiware-Service and Fiware-ServicePath are set at entity creation time using HTTP headers in the entity creation REST request.

Reviewer: Again, instead of duplicanting text, I think it would be better to include a reference to the document describing service path in the users manual.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

		
    "servicePath": "test/example" 		

[Top](#top)
 
 
## 21. Fiware-Total-Count

It is an optional header used in responses.
NGSIv2 implements a pagination mechanism in order to help clients to retrieve large sets of resources. This mechanism works for all listing operations in the API (e.g. `GET /v2/entities`, `GET /v2/subscriptions`, `POST /v2/op/query`, etc.).

The mechanism is based on three URI parameters:

i)   limit, in order to specify the maximum number of elements (default is 20, maximum allowed is 1000).

ii)  offset, in order to skip a given number of elements at the beginning (default is 0)

> iii) count (as option), if activated then a Fiware-Total-Count header is added to the response, with a count of total elements.

Reviewer: Again, instead of duplicanting text, I think it would be better to include a reference to the document describing service path in the users manual.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

	    
[Top](#top)

## 22. Fiware-Correlator

Fiware-Correlator is a response HTTP header.

> Fiware-Correlator is used as HTTP header in forwarding messages, notifications and responses.

Reviewer: Try to merge both sentences in the same one.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

This correlator id is either transferred from an incoming request, or, if the incoming request doesn't carry any HTTP header Fiware-Correlator, the correlator is generated by the Orion context broker and then used in the log file. 
It can be either `N/A` or it is a string in the UUID format.
The correlator id is a common identifier among all applications involved in the `message chain` for one specific request.	
Fiware-Correlator is a NON-MODIFIABLE header in custom notifications.    

> Any attempt of doing so (e.g. `"httpCustom": { ... "headers": {"Fiware-Correlator": "foo"} ...}` will be ignored.	

Reviewer: This text has been copied from some existing documentation? (it seems so, but in this case I'm not so sure...).

Author: Yes, text has been copied but not from single file.

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

    
    Fiware-Correlator: 600119ce-eeaa-11e9-9e0c-080027a71049	

[Top](#top)
	

## 23. X-Auth-Token

X-Auth-Token is an optional HTTP header used in requests.
It is used as a Access-Control HTTP header.	
This header is used to provide security to Orion and it is frequently used in FIWARE-CEPHEUS(i.e. an another component used in fiware).

> X-Auth-Token forwarded in ngsi10 notifications.

Reviewer: I would suggest the following description for X-Auth-Token:

> X-Auth-Token is an optional HTTP header, which Orion received in requests and propagates transparently to other requests (notifications and forwarded queries/updated) associated with the original one. It is supposed to be used by security enforcement proxies integrated with Orion (such as [PEP Steelskin](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-pep-steelskin)).

>     "authToken": "OAUTH_TOKEN"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "X-Auth-Token": "fff0f4af447f4b589c835f805fe4be29"
```

Author: Fixed in a427bd9

[Top](#top)
 
## 4. Connection
 
 This header is used by both requests and responses.
 Orion is not currently doing anything with this header (apart from checking if its value is `close` to print a log trace).
	
    Connection: Keep-Alive
    	
[Top](#top)	
  
## 5. Expect

Expect HTTP header is used in requests.
It Indicates that behaviour of particular server are required by the client.
It is typically used when sending a large request body. We expect the server to return back `100 Continue` HTTP status if it can handle the request, or `417 Expectation Failed` if not.

    Expect: 100-continue
	
[Top](#top)	
	
## 6. Host

This HTTP header is used in Orion responses.
When we make any request then the corresponding Notification will come on accumulator server, this header gives the port number of accumulator server. 	
	
    Host: localhost:1028
		
[Top](#top)

## 7. Origin

Origin is used in requests.
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/user/cors.md).
	
    Origin: http://www.example-social-network.com
		
[Top](#top)	
  
## 8. User-Agent

> User-Agent HTTP header is used in both requests and responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-Agent HTTP header is used in responses.
```

As the part related with request is going to be removed, see https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/3576#discussion_r367883630.

Author: Fixed in c049aef

It describes which version of Orion we are using along with its transfer library.
It gives the string that identifies the user agent.

>     User-Agent: orion/2.2.0-next libcurl/7.29.0     (in notification upon subscription on Accumulator-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    User-Agent: orion/2.2.0-next libcurl/7.29.0     (in notifications and forwarded requests)
```

Author: Fixed in c049aef

>     User-Agent: curl/7.29.0                         (Response upon subscription on Orion)

Reviewer: Please, remove this line. It corresponds to the request processing that is going to be removed.

Author: Fixed in c049aef

This is due to the way the underlying HTTP library (libmicrohttpd) works.
	
    Content-Length: 34	

[Top](#top)
 
## 3. Content-Type 

It is used to specify the MIME type of the request or response. Typically its value is `application/json` (for JSON MIME type) although some operations in the NGSIv2 API also allow `text/plain`.

    curl ... -H 'Content-Type: application/json'

This request will send data in well defined JSON format.

[Top](#top)
 
## 4. Connection
 
 This header is used by both requests and responses.
 Orion is not currently doing anything with this header (apart from checking if its value is `close` to print a log trace).
	
    Connection: Keep-Alive
    	
[Top](#top)	
  
## 5. Expect

Expect HTTP header is used in requests.
It Indicates that behaviour of particular server are required by the client.
It is typically used when sending a large request body. We expect the server to return back `100 Continue` HTTP status if it can handle the request, or `417 Expectation Failed` if not.

    Expect: 100-continue
	
[Top](#top)	
	
## 6. Host

This HTTP header is used in Orion responses.

> When we make any request then the corresponding Notification will come on accumulator server, this header gives the port number of accumulator server. 	

Reviewer: Based on our recent discussion I'd suggest to modify the text to provide this description:

Orion includes this header in outgoing request (notifications and forwarded updates/queries).

accumulator-server should be mentioned in this document as it is a specific implementation and lacks generality. Use a more general term if needed (pe. "notification receiver").

Author: ```
Orion includes this header in outgoing request (notifications and forwarded updates/queries) that will be received on accumulator server.
This header provides the port number of notification receiver.
```
Is the above description good?

Reviewer: This part is not correct:

"... received on accumulator server"

As I tried to explain above, references to *particular* implementation of notifications receiver (and accumulator server is just one of such implementations) should be avoided. Better to simplify that sentence and just tell:

> Orion includes this header in outgoing request (notifications and forwarded updates/queries).

Author: Fixed in c049aef

	
    Host: localhost:1028
		
[Top](#top)

## 7. Origin

> Origin is used as request HTTP header in Orion. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Origin is used is used in requests. 
```

Author: Fixed in 5bb0337

> It initiates a request for cross-origin resource sharing (asks server for Access-Control- response fields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its operation is related with CORS, see specific documentation at [../user/cors.md].
```

Thus we can keep the description simple and provide the user a pointer to the place with the topic is explained in detail.

Please, apply the same idea to the rest of CORS-related headers.

Author: Fixed in 5bb0337

	
    Origin: http://www.example-social-network.com
		
[Top](#top)	
  

> ## 8. User-Agent

Reviewer: I would say the situation is similar to Host header. I mean, in request processing logic Orion is not doing anything interesting with this header. In notification logic Orion set it with a given value.

Could you confirm?

Author: Yes, you are correct.

Reviewer: So, I'd suggest to do the same, i.e. remove it in the request processing part (I'll do it in a separate PR).

NTC

> # <a name="top"></a>List of HTTP Headers used by Orion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# <a name="top"></a>List of HTTP headers used by Orion
```

> 

Reviewer: The "source" of this file should be mentioned. Something like this:

> This document describes all the headers used by Orion, as defined in src/lib/rest/HttpHeaders.h file.

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

1)  [Accept](#1-accept--)        
2)  [Content-Length](#2-content-length-)         
3)  [Content-Type](#3-content-type-)

> 4)  [Connection]()                

Reviewer: This link is not working...

Author: fixed in 469e9c3

8)  [User-Agent](#8-user-agent)              
9)  [X-Forwarded-For](#9-x-forwarded-for)                                                               
10) [X-Real-IP](#10-x-real-ip)

11) [Access-Control-Allow-Origin](#11--access-control-allow-origin)
12) [Access-Control-Allow-Headers](#12-access-control-allow-headers)                                                                   
13) [Access-Control-Allow-Methods](#13-access-control-allow-methods)
14) [Access-Control-Max-Age](#14-access-control-max-age)                                 
15) [Access-Control-Expose-Headers](#15-access-control-expose-headers)
16) [Allow](#16-allow)                                                                                    
17) [Location](#17-location)                                                 
18) [Ngsiv2-AttrsFormat](#18-ngsiv2-attrsformat)                                    
19) [Fiware-Service](#19-fiware-service)
20) [Fiware-Servicepath](#20-fiware-servicepath)
21) [Fiware-Total-Count](#21-fiware-total-count)
22) [Fiware-Correlator](#22-fiware-correlator)                                     

23) [X-Auth-Token](#23-x-auth-token)

> # HTTP Headers used by Orion with their Description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HTTP headers used by Orion with their description
```

Author: fixed in 12b17b7

> ## 1. Accept  : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Accept
```

Let's avoid trailing ":" in title (to use the same style that other parts in the documentation)

Author: fixed in 469e9c3

Accept HTTP Header is used in requests. 

> Accept HTTP Header is used with the request URL for accepting the response in well defined JSON format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accept HTTP Header is used in the request to specify which MIME type the client accepts. Typically its value is `application/json` (for JSON MIME type) although some operations in the NGSIv2 API also allow `text/plain`.
```

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

For example in request URL if we use:
	

>     curl ... 'Accept: application/json'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    curl ... -H 'Accept: application/json'
```

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

		 
On this request we'll get the response data in well defined JSON format.

The API response payloads in this specification are based on `application/json` and  (for attribute value 
type operation) `text/plain` MIME types. Clients issuing HTTP requests with accept types different 
than those will get a `406 Not Acceptable` error.

[Top](#top)

## 2. Content-Length

This header is used by both requests and responses.
Content-length HTTP header is a mandatory header in Orion responses.

> it defines the length of the request and response body in octets (8-bit bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It defines the length of the request and response body in bytes
```

(Explaining that a byte is a 8-bit number is excessive ;) )

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

Orion Context Broker expects always a Content-Length header in all client requests, otherwise the client will receive a `411 Length Required` response. 

> This is due to the way the underlying HTTP library (microhttpd) works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is due to the way the underlying HTTP library (libmicrohttpd) works.
```

(Not fully sure, but I think libmicrohttp is mainly used in documentation over microhttp)

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

	
    Content-Length: 34	

[Top](#top)
 
## 3. Content-Type 

> It is used to send the requests in well defined JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used to specify the MIME type of the request or response. Typically its value is `application/json` (for JSON MIME type) although some operations in the NGSIv2 API also allow `text/plain`.
```

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

>     curl ... 'Content-Type: application/json'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    curl ... -H 'Content-Type: application/json'
```

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

This request will send data in well defined JSON format.

> Specifically, if the resulting URL after applying the template is malformed, then no notification is sent.

Reviewer: I don't understand what you want to mean here...

Anyway, probably this sentence is over-information, so maybe it's better just to remove it.

Author: Fixed on 12b17b7

[Top](#top)
 
## 4. Connection
 

>  This Header is used by both requests and responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This header is used by both requests and responses.
```

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

>  It is used as Control options for the current connection and list of hop-by-hop response fields.

Reviewer: Not sure how this header is used in Orion. The only point in which I see it is used is here (rest.cpp):

```
  if ((strcasecmp(key.c_str(), "connection") == 0) && (headerP->connection != "") && (headerP->connection != "close"))
  {
    LM_T(LmtRest, ("connection '%s' - currently not supported, sorry ...", headerP->connection.c_str()));
  }
```

So maybe it's better to say this:

```suggestion
Orion is not currently doing anything with this header (apart from checking if its value is "close" to print a log trace).
```

What do you think?

Author: Fixed in 12b17b7

	
    Connection: Keep-Alive
    	
[Top](#top)	
  
## 5. Expect

Expect HTTP Header is used in requests.

> It Indicates that behaviour of particular server are required by the client.

Reviewer: It seems the Expect header is only actually used at one point, in the httpRequestSendWithCurl() function: 

```
  // ----- Expect
  httpHeaderAdd(&headers, HTTP_EXPECT, " ", &outgoingMsgSize, extraHeaders, usedExtraHeaders);
```

Not fully sure, but I would say this causes a `Expect:` to be sent on the wire. Could you confirm?

Author: Yes, your understanding is correct. I confirmed the same as Expect HTTP header sends only `Expect:`.
In this [document](https://github.com/ArqumFarooqui-NEC/fiware-orion/blob/master/doc/manuals/devel/httpHeaders.md), the description of Expect HTTP header is provided in generalized form.

Reviewer: I think the approach should be to include a link for the general behavior (e.g. https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-5.1.1) but explain here how Orion is using it in particular (i.e. the usage with blank value and explaining what that exactly implies for clients receiving the notification or forwarded request in which the header is included).

Author: FIxed in f76732e

It is typically used when sending a large request body. We expect the server to return back `100 Continue` HTTP status if it can handle the request, or `417 Expectation Failed` if not.

    Expect: 100-continue
	
[Top](#top)	
	

> ## 6. Host

Reviewer: It seems Orion doesn't actually use this header. In that case, I'd suggest to remove it from httpHeaders.h

What do you think?

Author: Host HTTP header is used in following files:
[rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375)
[rest/rest.cpp#L504](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/rest.cpp#L504)
If we remove the header then it may affect the existing code.
Please provide your comment on this.

Reviewer: With regards to [rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375), you are right: CB explictely add the header base in outgoing requests.

However, with regards to [rest/rest.cpp#L504](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/rest.cpp#L504) that code just move the value of the hader to `headerP->host`. However, if we look for usages of that `headerP->host` field, it seems there isn't. Could you confirm? 

In that case, that logic could be removed and the code simplified.

Author: Yes, you are correct.

> With regards to [rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375), you are right: CB explictely add the header base in outgoing requests.

So we should not remove `Host` HTTP header from `HttpHeaders.h` as it is being used in [rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375) file.

> However, with regards to [rest/rest.cpp#L504](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/rest.cpp#L504) that code just move the value of the hader to `headerP->host`. However, if we look for usages of that `headerP->host` field, it seems there isn't. Could you confirm?
> 
> In that case, that logic could be removed and the code simplified.

So we should only remove the code from [rest/rest.cpp#L504](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/src/lib/rest/rest.cpp#L504)??
Please provide your comment.

Reviewer: > So we should not remove Host HTTP header from HttpHeaders.h as it is being used in rest/httpRequestSend.cpp#L375 file.

Correct.

> So we should only remove the code from rest/rest.cpp#L504??
Please provide your comment.

Correct. I'll do so, in a separte PR (I'll let you know, as reviewer). In this PR, let's focus in modification to documantation only.
